this man is very interesting
his elephant helps him to take a shower
and his crocodile shaves him
his lawnmower is a king crab even the
dinosaurs have turned into cranes
the fat man works at a quarry to take
attendance points for the month
he built an alarm clock to wake up on
time as the sun rose
the glass stone instantly burned the
robe caused the rock to fell on his head
his best friend is a silly guy one day
the silly guy wants to adopt a child
the fat man took all his savings to lend
him alone but then
his wife the beautiful woman wants to
exchange money for a new garbage
disposal machine but the savings are no
more
the fat guy rushed to the kitchen to
avoid her he grabbed the boar's mouth
and pulled out something
it turned out that there was a fork
stuck in the grill the beautiful woman
continued to ask him about the money
the fat guy tells the truth but she is
not angry she feels happy that she has
married the right person
they sat on a strange bus to get to the
adoption center the abbott hugged a baby
the silly guy was very emotional but he
was startled when he opened the towel
that's not a human the abbott explained
that she was mistaken
now a baby peeked out from behind her
the silly guy was very satisfied
the abbott took a photo of them but it
stirred the crap out of the boy
the used to stick to beat the silly guy
which caused him to faint
since they adopted this baby his house
has always been noisy
the boy can lift a bench guess what
happened with the silly guy when he was
playing with the boy
the foods at the site were delicious
lamb thighs dinosaur eggs
lizard bread watermelon chilled coca
that day the director announced the good
news he said he would choose one person
to be a new manager
the promotion test day was quickly
approaching the staff holding exam
questions
sharpening pens the supervisors turned
their hourglass and started timing
everyone took the exam and started to
carve the answer on a stone
but the fat man found it too difficult
time almost went out
he just then started to carve quickly
in the end the silly guy swapped his
test with the fat man to repay him
the results were quickly announced the
fat guy was hopeless
when he was about to leave an unexpected
thing happened the fat guy will become
the new manager
the next day he prepared well he used an
elephant to shower
took a crocodile to shave changed into a
new coat and wore a tie he and the silly
guy went to work
after they arrived the director arranged
for him a seducing secretary and a
talkative parrot
he feels extremely happy the fat man now
is a manager
he is not the man he used to be he
changed to a new house
a new car bought expensive clothing even
the mother-in-law who always looked down
on him flattered him
to congratulate the fat guy the silly
guy organized a big party and gave him a
limited edition handbag
unexpectedly fat man refused it and his
dumb kindness and even fired him
the beautiful woman went shopping with a
silly guy's wife his child saw the mink
coat and went crazy
as a result he broke a lot of stuff the
silly guy was unemployed and even had to
compensate for the loss
so their life became extremely difficult
his family moved to the fat guy's house
when he drove
so
[Music]
glass and found out that the waiter was
the silly guy he laughed at him
the silly guy is not happy he changed
the tablecloth and laughed
at that moment he was dumbfounded to
hear the news on tv
all the workers of the quarry were fired
by the fat guy the fat guy was shocked
he didn't know anything he didn't know
that the contracts he signed were
dismissal contracts
the silly guy quarreled with him the
silly guy could not stand it anymore
he told everyone the truth the beautiful
woman is not happy
the silly guy's family has to move out
the beautiful woman feels lost
his wife asked him what could be more
important than a 20-year friendship
the fat man replied that he could wear
briefs and run around the house
she was very angry she threw stuff all
over the house
she brought the luggage and left the fat
guy found the previous test
he found that the silly guy didn't lie
the director also told him they were
corrupted and wanted to find someone to
blame
to escape from workers pursuit the fat
guy ran away
knowing this news his wife and the silly
guy's wife discussed a plan
they wanted to find ways to save him at
this time they suddenly remembered the
talking parrot
they thought it knew something she
sneakily went to the office woke up to
parrot
at first the parrot talked a lot and
didn't want to help
in the end the beautiful woman has to
use violence on the other hand
the fat man was arrested by the workers
they intended to hang him
the silly guy was also arrested when he
was selling ice cream
two people talked and forgave each other
they stood close together and ignored
everything else
at this time the beautiful woman arrived
the parrot asks the fat guy to apologize
to it and it will tell the truth
i'm sorry i'm sorry
now everyone knows the truth so they
forgive him but the director kidnapped
the two family's children for
intimidation
he forced them to give him the parrot he
hugged the parrot and started the
machine
the director ran away the silly guy goes
to save the child
he lies on a catapult he was shot up and
then hit the wall
he got up and jumped toward his kid then
he was hit by the machine
the machine accelerates hearing the
screen he woke up frantically and saved
his son
and smashed the theme to pieces the mud
fell on the director to form a statue
the board of directors of the company is
extremely satisfied with this work
i love this stuff he decided to reward
the fat guy
after this the fat man realized the
importance of family and friendship
he is no longer greedy for money and
power since then
the two families have spent many happy
and happy days together